{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Summary\
\
CSV files in this folder contain scores relating to subsitution probabilities for every possible single-amino acid substitution for the 6VXX structure (SARS-CoV-2 spike). A brief summary of each file is given below:\
\
##################################################################################\
\
# File contents\
\
buildmodel_output_master.csv \'97 DeltaDeltaG values calculated by FoldX software. Substitutions are performed on all 3 chains simultaneously and the change in Gibbs free energy calculated. Negative values imply stabilising mutations.\
\
PROCESSED_crescendo_dumpouts_6vxx.csv \'97 Substitution probabilities calculated using Environment Specific Substitution Table (ESST) with Crescendo software. Note that these probabilities are calculated independently for every position on every chain, but we expect values to be identical across all three chains for this structure.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 PROCESSED_DELTABLAST_full_6vxx_spike_pssm.csv \'97 Log Likelihood substitution values calculated using Position Specific Scoring Matrices (PSSM) with DELTABLAST algorithm in BlastX. Note that this is a sequence based method so residue numbering does not match the numbering in 6VXX and values are available for residues not described by the 6VXX PDB file.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
PROCESSED_DELTABLAST_bychain_6vxx_spike_pssm.csv \'97 In this file residues have been renumbered to match the 6VXX residue numbering and residues not present in 6VXX have been removed. The data is replicated for A, B and C chain but there is no difference between the values for each chain - this simply facilitates easy comparison to structures in \'91up\'92 conformation.\
\
scores_fixbb_6vxx_softrep_minimise.csv \'97 Substitution probabilities represented as change in Rosetta Energy Units (REUs) between wild-type and substituted molecules calculated with a \'91soft\'92 scoring weights that dampens Lennard-Jones repulsive energies. Negative values imply destabilising mutations, note that this is the inverse of DeltaDeltaG values.\
\
6vxx_master_scores.csv \'97 Contains all of the above data in one table, plus some additional quality of life information. Log Likelihood and Likelihood values are available for PSSM substitution probabilities. deltaREU is available for standard scoring weights (\'91hard\'92 weights), this is exepcted to perform worse and can be ignored. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ##################################################################################\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
# Master file column breakdown\
\
Columns of the master table are as follows:\
\
	Resno - Residue numbered according to 6VXX PDB\
	WTAA - The wild-type amino acid present at that position in the 6VXX PDB\
	ReplacementAA - The substitution tested (NOTE: this includes substitutions to the wild-type amino 	acids which for some scoring methods have values. You may want to filter these out.)\
	Chain - Chain identity, data is generally identical across all 3 chains in this case\
	BFactor - BFactor value for that residue in 6VXX\
	DeltaDeltaG - Value calculated by FoldX. +ve values imply destabilising mutations\
	ESST_probability - Substitution probability calculated with Crescendo software\
	LogLikelihood - Substituion probability calculated by DELTABLAST\
	Likelihood - Same as previous score but non-log for QoL\
	deltaRosetta_hard - This is the change in REUs calculated using the generic scoring weights. It is 	expected to significantly overestimate destabilising mutations\
	deltaRosetta_soft - Change in REUs with dampened scoring weights. +ve values imply stabilising 	mutations}